From Esther's Follies, in Austin, Motherfucking Texas, Harmontown, is now in session.
Hello, South by Southwest.
Is it me or is it quieter here now?
The crowd's just smaller.
It's groovy.
I love it.
Only the sexy people now.
Speaking of sexy people, let's bring out the Game Master, Spencer Crittenden.
Hey guys, can I be heard?
Oh yeah.
Can we get more level on these mics?
Sound person?
Yeah.
Let's get my mic up and Spencer's mic up a little bit.
One, two, higher, higher, higher.
I also like South by Southwest.
No, not the music, the microphones.
Well, let's get the music louder, I think, maybe.
Well, fuck it.
Let's bring out Dan Harmon, the mayor of Harmontown.
Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I feel like I remember being here.
We were here at one point.
Yes, you were.
And you were delightful.
I think I was going through a divorce.
I don't know what was happening.
Also, yeah.
I think we were through the divorce at that point.
Well, that's when the trouble starts.
Because you have the divorce to focus on and then afterwards you're like, wait, I'm miserable.
The unaddressed issue behind the note behind the note we call it in TV writers' notes.
Why does Sony want a dog on the show?
Because they think the show sucks.
They don't love dogs.
They hate your show.
It's the note behind the note.
I lost you.
I lost you in 10 seconds.
I've known you since 1994.
You lost me for the first time.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
This show is about alienation.
We're here because we're alienated.
And if you can't relate to an alienated person, then you're a fucking hypocrite.
What I do love about performing here at Esther's Follies is that there's always a band right outside.
I can hear them thumping, thumping away at the secessionist movement.
They're thumping, thumping at the walls of America.
Let me out.
I'm Texas for God's sake.
I want to be free.
Is Texas seceding or is Austin seceding from Texas?
Austin is the capital of the intelligent secessionist movement.
You go to Dallas and Houston and you have people who are just doing it because they're racist.
In Austin, they're doing it because they're into the fucking pogs.
I told them I have a bad feeling about this show.
I think it's going to get worse.
I don't have to prepare for this stuff.
There's a rapist in the White House.
All right.
I wake up in the morning and I'm like, should I brush my teeth?
I don't know.
There's a rapist in the White House.
He fucked a 13-year-old girl in front of Jeff Epstein.
They recorded it.
They flushed it into a fucking space vacuum.
What?
Am I unfounded in my accusations?
Am I some kind of crazy person saying microwaves are cameras?
I don't want to be branded a nut bag.
I might end up the most powerful person in the fucking world.
I don't want to misspeak and have people start to think I'm crazy.
They might start voting for me.
They start giving me piles of money and chanting my name in the streets
if I accidentally say something so fucked up
that it taps into the most visceral...
What are you writing?
Are you a reporter?
Keep talking.
Everything he says is lies.
It's fake.
In advance, I'm telling you, I'm telling you,
even if you liked me, it was rigged.
I'm writing down today's date
so I know when you were arrested.
What is it? 13th?
We were delayed due to weather, not extreme weather.
Normal weather.
Weather changes.
Get over it.
It's a hard line to take.
LAX was enshrouded by a mystical fog
and John Carpenter pirates were creeping around with maggots coming out of their eye sockets,
crashing at anyone who wandered too far from the cement,
but it's totally normal and our flight was delayed a couple of times
and so I was in the new United Lounge.
I had to buy a ticket for $60.
I retweeted an infographic that showed you
what if the world was 100 people?
Hey Spencer, how are you doing?
Hey guys.
I always forget to involve you.
What if the world was 100 people?
If the world was 100 people, according to this infographic,
one of the people, one percent of the population of the United States,
spends over $90 a day.
So I've been monitoring my...
But I'm done with that before I get out of bed.
I pay a publicist $3,000 a month to keep me out of TMZ.
I'm sure the joke's on me. I'm sure TMZ doesn't want to write anything about me.
But I can't know that unless I stop giving these people $3,000 a month.
That's more than $90 a day right there.
Forget where I get my croissant.
Also, forget the money you paid to learn how to pronounce croissant.
Steve Martin, you son of a bitch.
I paid $60 to get into this lounge,
which looked like an Apple store with melon slices.
There was a young lady. She was sitting a few counters away from me.
There was a sea of tables, and they all had the little AC outlets on them.
She had her laptop. She was kind of a Rachel Maddow, but blonde.
She was statuesque and had a long neck, and she had a Bluetooth in,
and she was tapping the laptop.
And she was speaking very loudly about what she was doing.
She was saying, that's not what I want.
What I want is this, and I think it should be this.
And I was like, she was loud, but I noted it, but I didn't have to sit near her.
And she was in a sea of Brazilian Brazil as in the movie, the Terry Gilliam movie.
She was in this Brazilian-esque sea of things.
It wasn't like a private area.
There wasn't a fireplace raging next to her.
There wasn't a state Bernard waiting to save anybody from anything with hot cocoa.
There wasn't?
No.
Because most airport lunches provide that.
But I thought it was really weird, because there was a lady that came by
who was like vacuuming and picking things up.
And I always write race-neutral characters, but this woman was black.
And I felt like it was important, because she was like in her 70s, I felt,
and she was African-American.
And as she was picking things up, she leaned over to me into my Minecraft game,
and she went, how come you haven't told that woman to pipe it down?
No!
Which activated this weird Tim Allen instinct in me where I was like,
I just wanted her to like me.
So I was like, hey, I've learned to tune out worse than that.
And she's like, I got it.
I'm like, why am I telling, what am I talking about?
What am I, Fred Flintstone?
I don't know.
I was just playing.
It sounds like you're an act two of Get Out.
Well, don't spoil that shit.
I have to see it.
Fucking movies.
Also, tell me nothing about season one of Atlanta.
I like how you had a genuine communication with a real human being in your first instinct.
What the fuck is going on?
Well, because I was, no, I'm observing myself.
I'm going, like, why was I, she was saying,
there's a person that works in the airport saying,
why haven't you, fellow consumer, told her to shut the fuck up?
And so, and my response was neither because, madam, she has a right to be a human.
Like, nor was it like, you're right.
Chomp, chomp, chomp.
Shut up, madam.
Nor was it you tell her.
No, it was the best.
It was the right option.
I took a path of least resistance through.
Plato could have predicted my past.
Right.
Fucking steam shooting through the only opening available that turned me into a weird 80s comic.
Like lamenting my, like, oh, the old ball and chain.
Like, I made up a fictional step mom at home.
Like, I'm like, well, I tune out worse than that.
Yeah.
What am I talking about?
It's to a person who said something to you.
I just don't want the person that's talking to me to beat me up.
Right.
That person I don't want to beat me up.
I was tuning her out.
I did everything.
So here's what, so then that was, she walked away.
I was like, fucking nailed it with her.
Yeah, you did.
She loves me.
She's like, I hear that.
I vacuum, vacuum, pick, pick.
And so I'm like, fucking nailed it today.
I really, I made someone like me.
So then this, and then moments after that, this old guy walks up and because I've done
non-race neutral casting, I'll tell you, this is like a kind of like a 90 year old Michael
chick list, like walks up to this woman.
It's like, it's like, couldn't be 30 seconds later.
And this, and this, and this like, like seven foot tall, like Rachel Maddow giraffe woman
on her laptop is just going on.
She's just, I think she's just in a zone.
She's just explaining what, what spreadsheets work and which don't.
And this guy just goes like, and he goes, he goes, excuse me, you might keep an egg down.
And she, and this woman's like, like fucking flips out.
Like, like, like, like, like, I mean, flips out, like she had no idea.
She wasn't like, she wasn't like, blah, blah, blah.
I don't care about anybody.
It was more like, blah, blah, blah.
I haven't thought about anybody.
Like there's a difference.
She didn't realize that she was being disruptive.
Well, you know, when you're on a phone, that's the thing.
And there's also like a heightened, like, I don't know.
Sometimes when you see someone on a phone, you like, I don't know.
We get a hair trigger, like, like, like, if that person didn't have a phone in their hand
and they were just talking to their friend that loudly, when would you go over to them
and be all high-handed about it?
Like we got a license when cell phones were invented to start getting real fucking dicky.
And, you know, like, and it's justifiable because I'm not, you know, no heroes, no villains.
Just nobody beat me up. That's the point of my story.
Nobody beat me up.
So this guy goes like, he goes,
you want me, you want me, you want me to give me my lawn, you want me to shake my king.
Moonlight shouldn't have won the La La Land.
I couldn't hear what he said, but he was just like, he was a little boy.
And this, and this, like, and Rachel Maddowwoman like, went,
she fucking like, I was like watching peripherally
because I'm not going to turn my head because someone will beat me up.
But I was just like, she was like, oh my god, oh my god,
I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Stacy, stop, wait,
no, I'm sorry, oh, and the guy was like,
it's just, it's just rude to see, what?
I just was like, oh no, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Like her voice was cracking.
And she packed up her shit, put her laptop in her bag,
put her bag in her wheelie, put her wheelie
in the transformer mode, took her fucking overcoat,
tucked into the London fog and phased out.
Like she went to a different lounge
at a different airport, may have hung herself, I don't know.
Like she, she, she wasn't, she wasn't doing anything.
Now, what 90 year old Michael Chiklis
have walked up to a guy and done that.
I think the answer is absolutely not.
I think he felt empowered to walk up to a woman
and say, you're being loud.
That's male privilege bullshit.
That is the tennis net, that's the tennis court net
that like some balls hit it and go straight up,
like that guy, the answer maybe he would have loved,
he would have done it twice as fast.
If he saw another old bald white guy doing that,
he wouldn't have fucking done it.
He wouldn't have walked up.
Every airport lounge has like two old guys doing exactly that.
Well, more importantly, that's how old guys talk
without a phone.
Right, yeah.
Like, oh, do you remember the depression?
I can't hear anything.
You know, they call it,
Life is their phone.
You know, they call it, they call it Harmontown.
I, old white guy is yelling.
I don't know.
I've been in restaurants
where I've been annoyed by people on the phone.
I've been in restaurants where I've seen someone on the phone
and then I've, and the person that's more annoyed
by the person on the phone, I'm more annoyed by them.
That they're, that they're taking more attention
that they're, it's like, the person is technically
on the phone, it's not really a license for you
to vent your antipathy, your fucking inhumanity.
I don't know, what my point is.
No, I had no point.
It's just a little story.
I'm just a journalist.
I had a good moment in an airport lounge.
I went and I was flying to Vancouver
and was up in the, or Canada lounge at LAX
and I sat down like, because they're plugging my phone
and there was a guy with his,
I would assume girlfriend and talking
at the top of his lungs about nothing.
So I was like, I just, motherfucker,
he's never gonna stop talking.
So I unplugged and I went somewhere else
and there was another guy, he was Australian,
which is worse, because when a loud rich guy is Australian,
you know, you know what I'm saying, me, me, me, me, me.
It's, it's, it's, I was making a movie.
I was making a movie, right?
In fact, if you want to fight, you can also
fight me at camp, I fucking, I fucking, mucky, tucky, tucky,
mucky, mucky, tucky.
And I was like, I'm gonna fucking blow my brains out.
The views of the spot guys do not reflect, I, I, look,
that is a huge continent that will be radiation safe
in these other videos where it were.
Dan, we were there.
I love them.
We were there.
They have lots of lumber and gas and water.
We know them, we love them.
But they all know what the rich guy sounds like.
And every country knows what the rich white guy sounds like.
And there's a particular Australian rich white guy thing
that happens.
And while that was happening, this is fucking,
now there's nowhere to go.
Now I'm a prisoner because I found the only other place
where I don't have to hear that guy.
And this guy would not stop talking about himself.
And right in the middle of my sadness,
Sarah Silverman walks up and sits down right by his,
hey Jeff, and she started telling me stories
about her and Tom Cruise together.
And, and that guy had to hear her Tom Cruise stories.
And he went, he shut right the fuck up.
I was like, yeah, motherfucker, we have better stories
over here.
Funny people.
We're not yelling them because we have a,
we'd go on TV and talk about them.
We have an antenna.
Sarah told better stories than this guy
and it made me very happy.
I, and then we killed him.
Then we killed him.
I, my therapist has taught me,
so here's the thing I've learned
that's like been very, very like powerful to me.
In moments when people want an apology from me,
which I used to interpret as them trying to leverage me.
They're manipulating me.
What's going to exchange here?
If I, is this an apology window?
I can still feel all of that.
Like I could still look at somebody and go,
oh, you're a vampire.
You're a piece of shit.
Like you're just trying to suck energy out of my body.
But the, my therapist explained to me, she said,
Dan, you are vigilant against abuse.
You cannot handle somebody accusing you of abuse.
You can handle people telling you that you hurt them.
If you went like this and you felt like a soft splat
as you were reaching for your backpack
and you turned and looked and someone's nose was bleeding,
you would not be offended by that person's claim
that you had hurt them.
You would stop at nothing to make it up to them.
If that person started to imply, as you apologize,
that you had done it on purpose
or that you had done it because you weren't a good person,
that you had made a choice earlier that day
to ignore their needs and things like that,
you'd start to get triggered.
You'd start to get defensive.
There's an irony that happens there every day
in every bar, somebody hurt somebody
and then someone feels bad about it
and then someone is like, oh, I feel bad about this
and I feel so bad about it
because it seems like you don't fucking give a shit about me.
And then the other person is like,
how dare you accuse me of being the kind of person
that doesn't give a shit about anyone?
You fucking lesbian!
That took a weird turn.
It always takes a weird turn.
It's like, you know, that is the thing.
And it's like, what I am just slowly starting to realize
is that people saying that you hurt them,
they're not saying you abused them.
They're saying they got hurt
and it doesn't matter what they say beyond that.
They could put all the frosting they want on it
because they're coming from wherever they're coming from.
They can't make you an abuser.
They can say that they're hurt
and everyone can apologize for hurting people
and everybody should be vigilant
against admitting they're an abuser
because if you're not a fucking abuser,
that's an important thing.
There are a couple of people among us
who fucking love abusing people.
Like, we should definitely separate from them.
And so the way, it's like,
I'm just noticing in these daily exchanges,
I'm like, wait a minute,
I'm trying to take a step back and going like,
okay, wait, you're hurt, I hurt you, I hurt you.
I did not abuse you.
I'm not an abuser, I'm a herder.
I hurt you.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Have you, well, we all have, I'm assuming you have too,
I do it all the time.
That abuse is like self-pity and things like that,
like I mean to Cody, look at the text and go like,
oh, I'm trying to do something here
that has nothing to do with her well-being
and everything to do with mine.
I'm actually hurting her on purpose.
Willfully, which is abuse.
Yeah, and that's like, yeah,
so we need to recognize when we're doing that
so that we can apologize when we accidentally hurt people
because that shouldn't be that big a deal.
There's eight billion of us walking around,
we're gonna step on each other's feet.
I think for you though, I mean, not just for you,
but for you especially, because you have the ability
to seem abusive when you're not being abusive.
Thank you.
Weird thing to love.
But like, you can, you are so good verbally,
I've seen you lay people out with a quip, with a line.
Because they're accusing you of abusing them.
Well.
And I need them to know that they're a piece of fucking shit.
All right, but the problem is you're really good at that.
And thank you, that's what I'm saying.
You're the Robin Hood in terms of archery
of hitting the bullseye when someone goes,
hey, fuck off buddy, and you just shoot an arrow
right into their heart.
Yeah, if you imply that I hurt you on purpose,
I will strangle you to death.
I will wrap my hands around your neck until you're dead,
and you can't say it ever again.
Your gifts are your curses, you're a good writer,
and so you're also really good at hurting people's feelings.
Thank you.
Stop saying thank you to them.
Say, oops.
No, but I'm being glib, but what I'm saying is yes,
because what happens.
But you love it, because you feel a reward.
I'm learning about that in therapy.
What happens is, being yourself following your own bliss,
like you can sometimes be hurtful to people
that is not the same crime as being abusive to someone.
We all commit both of those crimes.
Hurtfulness often comes with thoughtlessness, carelessness.
You weren't thinking about me
when you changed lanes on the freeway.
Like it's different than you thinking you're entitled
to just drive however you want.
Like there's shades of abuse there,
where you're just like fuck everyone on the freeway.
Like everyone, when we get down in fights,
when we start arguing with each other,
those rare moments where we're actually able
to connect with each other, and we find out truly
what everyone is always saying the whole time,
which is I didn't mean to do that.
I didn't mean it that way.
That's not how I meant it.
Like that always turns everything around.
Well the problem that you face is that when you react
and you accidentally fling an elbow verbally
and hurt somebody's feelings, is that you're so succinct
and it's so well written, it sounds meditated.
Like it doesn't sound...
You're pumping me up so that everyone drives home
to that going, I don't see what Jeff was seeing in him.
I'm trying to...
I've seen you, like if somebody hits you
below the knee and your foot flies up,
when somebody hits you and you respond,
it sounds so good, it sounds abusive, but it wasn't.
It was just you reacting.
It was just a reflex.
It's very good at hurting people.
It's as simple as protecting yourself.
There's airlocks all around us.
You lock somebody, you put a wall between you and them,
and then you hit a button, and then you just watch them die.
You just stare at them while they turn purple,
while they turn purple, and you go like,
what, I thought you wanted to be near me.
Go see Get Out in Theater, it's a fantastic film.
But yeah, we're looking into all those things.
The curse of being good at hurting people's feelings
and it sounds like it's a neutron bomb.
It's not a gift, we watch movies about mafia people
and serial killers and things
because we're fascinated with that behavior
because it's not a gift, but it is rare
because our species is predisposed to compassion.
It's weird when somebody's circuits are so fucked up
that they could actually hurt somebody so meticulously,
so horribly, we focus on it
because we don't want it to happen anymore.
It's like ribbons and flowers spread at an intersection
where a little girl got hit by a car.
We go to the point of the pain and we watch it,
we look at it and we go, here's where this happened.
Should we bring out Doug Benson?
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
We don't have Doug Benson doing it.
If he's still backstage.
Yeah, he might be gone.
He was just backstage.
Doug is here?
Yeah, yeah.
For real?
Yeah.
He's coming.
He was just backstage.
I didn't know Doug was here.
I didn't either, but I saw him backstage and I was,
I thought I'd...
Doug Benson!
Yeah, yeah.
Doug Benson.
Doug Benson!
Grab a seat, stand up, do what you like.
Wherever you're comfortable.
Oh, I like this.
I like having you on my shoulder like that.
I'll give you a nice little rub over here.
Yeah, Jeff is my angel on my shoulder.
I'm your Michael Landon.
Do some quick fact checking on everything I say.
Lies. Lies. What happened? Who did you wrong in Austin already?
Oh, that's a great question. There has to be somebody.
Last night there was a guy, I was just walking down the street, minding my own business,
and this guy in front of one of the bars goes, hey, Doug Benson!
I'm like, hey man, how's it going? And he goes, I go, you got food in there?
Because I was looking for somewhere to eat. You know, you got food in this bar?
And he goes, no, but the bar next door has food. I'm going to pick up your meal
and all of your drinks. I'm going to take care of it for you.
And I was like, that's awesome. And then we go into this place next door,
he introduces me to everybody, and then I've got a friend that's not going to leave
while I eat the free food and drink the free drinks. And it's going to get weirder and weirder
as the thing goes along to the point where you finally have to be like, hey man,
all right, I could buy my own food. I didn't know that I was going to be part of the deal
is that I've got like a new friend for life, you know, who keeps offering me molly.
And I'm like, dude, I'm a weed guy.
For real?
Yeah, he kept saying he had a list of things that I could have instead of weed.
And I was like, no, weed is good.
A drug that makes everyone have the same personality and vow to stay in touch more often.
It's weird that that was his drug of choice.
So yeah, so I think ultimately he might have been a little disgruntled.
Like he expected more for buying me some chips and queso and a couple of vodka sodas.
I had an encounter at the hotel bar that it occurs to me I've had 25 times in the last five years at least,
which I hadn't started noticing.
And so I don't know what the actual count is, but it seems like this happens all the time.
And I have talked about encounters like this on the podcast where a person that like a person is projecting there.
Jeff is upstaging you with a dab behind the ears of vodka gag.
It's so weird to get a big laugh with a physical gag on an audio podcast.
Everyone's like, what is dad saying right now that's so hilarious?
He's just setting up a premise at this point.
It's like in that bear movie where the baby bear goes roar and then the puma is like yikes and then there's a big bear behind it.
I didn't see the movie.
Wait a second, which one of us is high right now?
I'm on Molly, I just wanted to see you more often.
I sat at the hotel bar and I was listening to this.
There was a lady next to me and she was talking to the bartender and they were talking about,
they were talking about South by Southwest and they were talking about, they both knew each other because she drinks there a lot.
And she works in real estate and so she's a big mover and shaker and she's always at the hotel bar and he knows who she is and they know each other.
But they start talking about South by Southwest and they're like, yeah, they start talking about how many famous people are in Austin this time of year.
And it's like, oh, it's like Hollywood all of a sudden, this time of year, all of a sudden there's all these famous people.
And her big example was what she called the guy from the league.
And I was just taken by that.
I was like, learn his name.
There's like five of them to choose from.
I know, it's like the guy from the league.
I was just, I was just, I'm like, what, the guy from the league?
And I swear she had, she brought her phone.
She was like, yeah, no, I know.
Have you ever seen the league?
And he's like, no, I have not.
And she's like, no, the guy, this guy from the league, I think she had a photo of him on his phone.
Like, I don't know.
It's like, wait, so it's a device you could use to Google him.
Just say the guy from the league.
I'm not saying like, like, like respect our craft.
I'm just saying like, it's part of a conversation where you're, yes,
he ending his assertion that it's like Hollywood around here.
Yes, I agree.
Famous people everywhere.
For instance, the guy from the league.
She didn't know who the fuck, learn his name.
Could be anyone from a basic cable TV show that is finished, I believe.
Then, so then, so then I, my burger comes.
The final at bat happened.
It was baseball, right?
I think it was organized around a, was it Casey?
I think they played Dungeons and Dragons.
I don't know.
Welcome to the four guys who don't know anything about sports podcast.
But then she, she, that's every podcast.
Every podcast.
Yeah.
But then, but then, so then my burger comes and I go, do you have any mustard?
Here we go.
Wait for it.
Do you have any mustard?
That's what I said.
Which, which then, in Texas is a very provocative question.
And the guy, the kid, I'm going to call him a kid behind the bar said, we have mustard,
but it's Dijon.
It's not yellow.
Now I took that as a kindred spirit.
Like I was like, I was like fucking a, yeah.
I was like, I said, it's all right.
I'm used to it.
He goes back to talking to her.
And then I'm like, I think, well, he's going to get the brown mustard.
So I just offer up, I go like, yeah, I mean, I, I was at a restaurant recently where they
had yellow mustard on the table and it kind of blew my mind.
And he and she both look at me with a combination of curiousness, curiosity, I think they call
me a kid and disgust.
Just like the vermouth and the dry martini is just disgust.
Like disgust, if you pour a glass of it, then you're the bad guy.
If you just fucking run it around the rim.
Yeah, I'm disgusted with how curious I am.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What the fuck?
What the fuck are you babbling about?
Think about what you said in effect was, hi, I have a lot of opinions on mustard.
Like, that's your relationship with them at this point.
Well, I'm not shocked you'd take their side.
I know, but I'm just, I'm forensically, I'm breaking this down.
No, I'm aware of the fact.
I looked, I looked over it and thought, I think what, what he might have heard was,
it's okay that I have no yellow mustard or any mustard.
I'm used to having no mustard.
Like I'm Harry Potter before Hogwarts enrolled him.
Like, I'm sorry, I don't deserve mustard, I'm okay with it.
Like, okay, fine, he's allowed to interpret it that way.
But it was weird.
They both looked at me in a way that brought me back to the sixth grade, like,
playground where it was just like, I'd like to contribute to the conversation.
And they're just like, ew, gross, so gross.
You're so gross, you're such a gross monster.
Ew, what are you talking about?
Talking about mustard much?
You're gross.
And then they just went back to talking about real estate, which is so fucking cool.
Because it's Texas, there's lots of real estate.
And he never brought you your mustard?
He never brought fucking mustard.
And over time, my burger tasted better with the inhumanity on it.
I was like, I'm not gonna fucking play this game.
I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna be uppity and say, like, I asked for mustard earlier.
I'm just like, mm, good burger.
Called his fucking bluff.
Here's what happened.
She settles up.
She walks away.
She's got real estate to sell.
For you video subscribers.
That was me dabbing more vodka behind my ears.
This guy goes, he goes, so what are you doing in town?
What's your schedule like?
I didn't start a conversation with this fucking guy.
Don't tell what room number.
I said, I'm going to Esther's Follies.
He's like, yeah, for what?
Just to see the show.
It's really good.
Comedy show.
The Esther's Follies show.
They're still doing that over there.
This guy's on a road so high it's untenable.
It's ridiculous.
And I just don't want to get yelled at.
I just don't want to get beaten up.
I just want to settle up.
I'd like to settle up.
Let me settle up.
So what are you doing over there?
I'm doing a couple of shows.
Yeah, what shows?
He won't stop.
Because you can't crucify with one nail.
The person would fall off.
You'd be guilty of a minor felony.
You'd have wounded a hand.
Crucifixion requires.
That's our episode title for certain.
You need the feet.
You need the hands.
This is some studied it.
So I was like, well, what show?
And I'm like, well, I'm doing a podcast.
And he was like, aha, I got it.
Great.
Charge it to my room.
Sign it.
I was like, what's the other show?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Another podcast.
He shut him down.
I said, it's promoting a show on CISO?
CISO.
Twist his face like a fucking pigs cock.
Like Beetlejuice special effect.
I can't let you know enough that I have no idea where you work.
I don't pretend to think anyone knows what the fuck CISO is.
Thank you for coming on the show, by the way.
You're welcome.
And then he finally goes, it goes like, well, what's that show?
And then I said, it's promoting a show.
It's I playing Dungeons and Dragons.
And he's like, his eyes, muscles.
I'm going to kill this fucking guy.
He's going to get no Trump care from his fucking muscles
detaching from the eyes rolling back into his head.
And he's polishing a glass like there's anyone else coming in.
Like the robot and passengers.
What?
Can we talk about that movie?
What the fuck?
I just saw that movie.
He turned into Bert Kresicher right there.
What the fuck?
What?
That movie.
He waits all the time and then he wakes up.
I was making the joke.
The rest of the podcast was in Falsetto.
You realize I was in Falsetto.
I love Southwest because I like waiting in lines.
Oh, sir.
The only way to go to your double broadcast site.
You realize the third act of that movie.
I don't know if anyone, I know everyone's like.
Who's worried about having passengers spoiled?
Nobody.
Nobody gives a shit.
You've probably seen the blogs about why it's, it's a fucked up thing.
Yeah.
The only reason to watch it is if you like those two actors and you, you know, want to,
like it'd be sexy for you to see them in space.
And you feel like everything is keeping.
You know, like I think it's only jerk off material.
It's like, it's like if sleepless in Seattle was about Tom Hanks buying night vision goggles
and, you know, just living in Meg Ryan's apartment for a while.
Just watching her from a cupboard.
And then finally deciding.
Only when she sleeps.
He watches her when she's sleeping.
And if instead of a kid.
And he Googles her.
He Googles her while she's sleeping.
Oh, because that's what you know.
It's true love.
I'm like, this is, this is beyond anything.
He threw a wine bottle, slipped on it and the first pair of tits he saw, he was like,
I'm Googling her and low and behold, he's in love with her.
Yeah.
If he's going to play that creepy play, he should look, he should walk around and look
at every sleeping passenger.
There should have found the sexiest one to wake up.
There needed to be at least one Foxy black lady on the ship that he was like looking
at and going like, I don't like that fart joke.
Like, like just, just show me that you're not racist.
But the, but we all, you all wrote your blogs about that, but did you notice that in the
third act of that movie, I was making the joke because my girlfriend and I are laughing
at it while watching it.
We're like, oh my God, they really think this elephant isn't in the room.
Like, like as it turns into a romance and they're playing dance dance revolution together,
like they really, they really think we forgot about this thing.
Okay, fine.
Misstep, swing and a mess, whatever.
But like, I was making the joke as we go to the third act, like, like, like, like as
Jennifer Lawrence would have to say, like, to Chris Pratt, like, my God, the ship, it
doesn't know what it wants.
It needs to be raped, Chris.
You need to rape the ship to save us.
And I was making that joke.
It was true.
The act of the fucking ship needed, didn't know.
It had like a tube that wouldn't let things out or in and he had to go into it and like,
do you guys not, it's behind, it's like the third act of that movie.
I thought we were talking about trolls.
The third act of that movie is a concretization of an argument for no meaning.
They say rape the ship.
The ship, the ship is all blocked up and it needs to just let it go.
I've never heard of this movie.
He needs to penetrate a tube that cannot, that does not want to be penetrated.
You're not supposed to go in there.
He's not supposed to be in there.
He goes in there.
The movie is clearly anti-ship rape.
Well, finally.
Yeah.
Anyways.
But then Andy Garcia shows up.
Oh my God.
What is that about?
He gets top billing.
It has to be a movie about being nowhere.
He's like top billing because he looks at a tree.
Again, if you haven't seen Passengers, first of all, don't.
And secondly, no, I thought there were parts of it that were all right.
It was Oscar nominated for visual production design.
Doug, you love movies.
I do.
As your podcast proudly proclaims.
Have you seen Get Out?
I have not seen Get Out.
Go see it in the theater.
It's fucking good fun.
What if there's nobody else in the theater?
Because I like to go to empty matinees.
Is that ruining?
Is it more fun with the crowd?
I went to a matinee at the Los Feliz 3 in LA, which is usually empty.
There was, you know, there was 20, maybe 12 people in there.
12 white people?
There was no black people.
There were no black people.
It was Asian and Latino.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
So, but sadly, I kind of want to go.
I don't know if this is really reductive in being a piece of shit.
I want to go to a black neighborhood and watch that movie in the theater.
Oh my God.
It would probably be a phenomenal.
Oh shit.
It would be a phenomenal experience.
Jesus Christ.
There's a black cowboy.
You've activated a black cowboy.
Okay.
Hold up.
Oh my God.
Westworld Season 2.
No, no, no.
Get the fuck out of here.
What's your name, first of all?
Anthony Carter.
Grab a mic, Anthony.
Hey, Anthony.
Get in there.
It's that easy to be on the show.
Join us.
South by Southwest 2017.
Wow, this is like we're on a coach flight home.
Yeah.
Now, Anthony, without...
Whoa.
Jesus.
God damn it, man.
I'm kidding.
Stophead spreading.
For the listeners that are not watching, we have a very good-looking black man with
a fantastic cowboy head on right now.
Yes, indeed.
Anthony.
Now, without spoiling the movie for Dan or anybody else, because it's a movie that
I went in, I didn't know who was in it.
I didn't know who directed it.
I didn't know what the genre was.
I didn't know a fucking thing about it.
You just knew that it was a movie that was asking you to leave.
I went with my girlfriend and we had a fucking jam.
It was good fun.
When I left, I said to my girlfriend, who, guess what?
Spoiler alert, she's white.
Yeah.
Oh, well, that seems to be...
Well, my girlfriend's white, too.
She's here somewhere.
She might have left me.
But here's the thing.
Hi, Kristen.
When I left, I want to be...
I don't want to be the guy that asks all of my black friends what they think about that
movie, because then I'm one of the white people in that movie that's asked, do you know Tiger
Woods?
But the thing is, I do want to know, did you watch it in a theater?
No, I have not seen it either.
What are you, motherfucker?
Get out the fucking stage.
I brought you up for one reason, Anthony Carter.
I wouldn't ask it.
Thank you for having me.
I was going to go see that movie.
Hey, no, no.
I know I've seen the previews.
No, get the fuck out of the stage.
We all saw the previews.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Yeah.
Mic drop.
It was a tasteful mic drop.
You usually don't see a mic drop with...
His friend does a Rick and Morty shirt on it.
There you go, pick up the...
Better hat, better shirt.
All right, I want all the white people to listen for me for one second, please.
What's your name, first off?
My name is Calvin.
Calvin, hold up.
I'm just writing it down.
Sit down.
How long does this wait?
How long do I have to hold on for?
What do you mean?
What?
Don't want to hold on.
I just wanted to hear your name.
White people, go and see, get out, and get educated.
Oh, shit.
All right.
The mic's being dropped.
No, no, no, no.
Calvin, come on.
Sam, I...
He's got a question.
Now, first off.
What's the premature mic drop situation?
Give us...
I really hate when that happens.
Right?
You don't want that to happen in front of a nice lady.
You wait, and then everything...
You dropped the mic kind of from pretty high tonight?
I thought you were different.
Everyone thinks I'm different.
So, Calvin, without spoilers, you dug the movie, right?
Oh, I loved it, yeah.
That's great.
And you say white people should go see that movie?
Every white person should go see that movie.
Yes.
It's not a brave stance, though, right?
I mean, we're not...
It's not controversial.
Oh, it's controversial in the best way possible.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say that every Somalian needs to see this movie.
Not just every Somalian, but every Somalian pirate also.
Sure.
Do you think it has the power to change minds of white racist people?
I think it makes...
I guess it's a power to make them feel more insecure than they already do about...
Oh, nice.
I like that.
And they should feel that.
We need that right now.
I walked out of the theater, and it's a small theater.
It was maybe only, again, like 15 people tops in there.
I walked out.
I was like, that movie was fucked up!
And white people turned back and looked at me like...
They were bummed out.
They thought I hated the movies.
No, that movie's fucking crazy!
Yeah.
I had a friend that saw it in Vermont, of all places.
Oh, dear heavens.
I had a black friend that saw it in Vermont, and he laughed...
Your story's getting harder to believe with every detail.
There actually aren't black people living in Vermont.
They're named Reggie and Ken.
Reggie, Ken, and Dana.
He saw it in Vermont, and he laughed the entire time,
but all the white people felt pretty uncomfortable.
Which made it better for him.
Oh, was he doing like Robert DeNiro and Kate Fear laughter at it?
No, that movie...
Because it's funny as shit.
It's really funny.
It's funny.
It's got a lot of social commentary, but, you know...
That would be the thing that kept me from saying it,
is other people being funny.
That's what keeps me from watching Atlanta, too.
Yeah, it just makes you mad at it, right?
You just mad the whole time.
It's not race, it's like...
Yeah, I mean, believe me.
I watched Blade Among the People.
I felt their hatred of vampires.
I joined in it, and I loved it.
But there's something really interesting about this.
You don't have to drag you down into the fucking murk, you're a stranger.
No, I was okay, I'm there, it's cool.
But there's an interesting thing about that,
because I was telling that story that happens in LAX's lounge, right?
So this woman comes up to me, and she gives me these choices.
This is really happening.
Cheers.
Sorry about Season 3, we're drawing it.
No, it's...
I mean, the Rick Roll thing was pretty nice,
in the most torturous way possible.
Yeah, it was good.
See, when that woman came up to me at LAX,
she was referring to a woman over there,
and there's a lot of things on the table,
and the weird energy that squirted out of me...
That's a nice way to put it.
Was, you know, like Plato studied steam engines,
the platonic engine where you just heat up a bunch of water,
and you only give it so much egress,
that if you put it in different positions,
you'll make a thing spin around, it's a platonic engine, right?
It's like steam escaping, it'll find the nearest escape,
it'll find the weakest membrane to squeak through.
Now, isn't that membrane's fault?
So for instance, why have we been a misogynistic culture
longer than we've been a racist culture?
Like, don't get aggravated by my assertion there.
Why are we quicker to club women than we are to...
Like, why are we so able to, like,
overcome pigment before we are able to...
Is this question for anybody on the panel?
I, in a sense, when that woman said to me at the airport,
she said, how come you don't tell that woman to shut the fuck up?
I said, well, because I'm my mother-in-law.
You know, like, it was fake.
It was like where the...
It was an essentially misogynistic, like, valve
that that energy went through.
I'm like, with women, like, if you think women talking loud
is gonna get my goat, you should deal with what I deal with
on Christmas Eve.
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I was just trying to escape a situation.
The steam was so high, that was the weakest membrane.
It wouldn't have been...
If it was the 1950s, would I have said to that woman,
like, bite your tongue, lady.
You know your place.
Give me a cornflakes.
Oh, no.
That got much worse than the second part.
That's my question. Answer it.
I think it goes...
Well, fuck.
Ten seconds.
Nine, eight.
I think it comes down to, I mean, just talking about it.
And I think a lot of people that feel like misogyny is not a problem,
they haven't dealt with it or thought about it
or had a woman in their life that actually experienced that.
Who doesn't have a woman in their life?
Like, that's the thing I think...
To answer your question, Dan, I think misogyny...
Misogyny is bigger than racism.
I don't know by what percentage, but I think it's happening
because women are 50%...
Like, women are a bigger threat because there's more of them.
And men that are threatened by women are going...
You know what I mean?
They're going to be threatened because it's half of the people
and it's also their mother.
It's also their mama is a fucking woman, you know?
Yes, because your memories of becoming a man
involve becoming abusive to your mother.
Like, in a lie...
Shut up, mom. I don't want to do this.
Right. And you didn't...
As a white kid, you weren't growing up going,
shut up, black guy.
Like...
So it's all directed at women and not race.
I like that we've solved that problem.
Racism's over, misogyny needs some work on it.
We need to bring race back into puberty.
I'm so glad there's no women up here to defend themselves right now.
Your mom's in a hit you, didn't they?
We'll tell women how to deal with this.
Like, for all the women in the audience,
watching a bunch of white dudes...
Oh, not white dudes.
White dudes minus one.
He's close enough.
Sit the fuck down.
Look at that hat. He's close enough to white.
And watching a bunch of men talk about women...
Had a t-shirt?
Yeah, it's a guy...
His t-shirt is on upside down.
Or he's got a shirt on...
I don't think you can put a t-shirt on upside down.
I'm gonna sit down.
I mean, you can. It'd be hard.
Yeah, it fits weird.
Yeah.
It's more of a tube top.
A little tight.
Jeff, you got derailed midstream.
You were about to incite women to hate the show.
Please continue.
Women already hate the show.
Watching three men stumble into the realization
that this is the easiest thing in the world
that it always has been,
is probably just as good for whatever money
they paid for their badges as anything.
I mean, it's...
Because men can't imagine what it's like to be a woman.
We can't. We can think we can. We fucking can't.
I'm going to. Watch.
Stand back.
Spencer, dungeon master, me waking up of being a woman.
Jeff, play appropriate music.
How much time do we have left?
We got loads of time.
Okay.
You wake up in a bedroom.
It's empty.
Because you make less money than men.
I get out of bed.
All right.
You're still in the bedroom.
I put on whatever outfit will walk the line
between me being branded a slut
and me being dismissed as a human being.
You managed to thread the needle once more
like millions of women across the earth
do every morning of their lives.
Slutty outfit.
Can I ask what I'm wearing?
No.
Okay.
That's probably a good idea.
I go down to get into an Uber.
All right.
Where I'm certain that someone will simply drive me to work.
It's doing the thing where it's like a block away
but it's just spinning around for the last five minutes.
It shows up and the guy makes no indication
that that wasn't supposed to be part of his job.
I get in.
Oh.
He touches you.
I file a complaint with Uber.
It doesn't matter.
He gets promoted to head of Uber.
You get to your job or whatever.
I get out of the Uber and I run for president.
I'm tired of this.
I'm fucking ending it.
I've played nice.
I'm running for president.
You lose.
Yeah.
More people hated me than liked me.
It turns out you did what you had to do.
Are you saying I lost the popular vote?
No.
That's what's crazy.
Oh.
And it's argued, you know, you might have won even harder
if not for, you know, the striking.
Okay.
That's too political.
Sorry.
I don't know why it's that.
Well, I walk into the woods and I wait for someone to need me.
No one, yeah.
No one needs you, but everyone wants something from you.
And it's your problem.
All the trees are mad.
I go up to one of the trees.
Okay.
It ignores you.
I thought I just heard you grumbling things about me being...
What a bitch.
You know, we've been growing here for hundreds of years.
No one's coming through being talked about by us before until you.
So you're the problem.
All right.
Go further into the woods.
You do that.
You find, you find, you know, you're feeling, you're feeling cramping up.
Cramping.
Oh, no.
I pay attention to that feeling.
It's worse than what men have to deal with on their daily lives.
But you just, you don't even, you know, you don't even mention it unless it's kind of crippling you and making you in bed.
The fact that you're walking around means it's not even worth mentioning,
even though it's terrible crippling agony.
I go home and I put on some tea and I read a book.
The book has all sorts of opinions on stuff that you should do or represent that don't even have anything to do with what you think you should do in life.
I turn on the television.
I feel like we peaked. Have we peaked?
Sorry. On the television, it's more of the same. The media is rewarding men for doing things that hurt you and punishing you for doing the things that demand your equal rights.
You see, this is what I mean. It's just, it's just the sad reality of life.
I try, I try to do comedy about the situation because I think it'll be so funny that it'll make people, yeah.
Yeah. Why aren't women funny? This is terrible.
Who said that?
Nobody on earth.
I try to prove them wrong by being really dirty and later on.
You do amazing stuff and a couple alt comedians and people in the scene are like, yeah, she's getting really big.
But you know, you've done everything that everyone, I don't know.
I just say a really funny joke. I'd say a really funny joke that's like kind of fucking crazy because it's inappropriate.
Oh, it goes over well. You get what's considered a polite chuckle.
And after the show, seven guys try and hit on you saying, you know, you're actually pretty funny.
Now can I be president?
No.
All right.
Spencer Crittenden, world's best feminist.
Male feminist. World's best male feminist.
But like, to really answer your question, I really think you're talking about abuse.
Later that same night.
You're talking about the mental abuse earlier. I think men have that problem.
They don't want to accept the fact that, you know, they've, you know, maybe abused women, you know, emotionally, even if it's intentionally or not, they don't want to acknowledge it.
I think that's the biggest problem.
Oh, no, that's the most offensive thing.
Racially, I always repeat that joke that our late friend Mario from the drawing room said.
It's like, you can call a white guy a honky, you can call him a cracker, but if you call him a racist, he gets really bent out of shape.
You can call a man anything you want, but if you say that he's abusing women, they'll fucking choke you.
What?
But we do, I think that, you know, we should probably, it's all you have to do is just like put a little radar tag on your lapel and just be like, oh, how am I interacting with anybody, with people?
That's what my therapist is always saying.
She's like, you don't have to quit drinking. She said that.
She said, just notice when you take a drink.
That's it. That'll be the beginning of it.
Yeah, look in the cup, see what's up.
Oh, vodka again.
Or vodka.
But yeah, I think of what, but that's why, that's why people that we often complain about, people that are outspoken and it was like, we go like, oh, they get tweeted out.
So we had our friends from Reductress on the podcast and they talked about the women that stand out that they might be just comedically saying, hey, look at this phenomenon.
It's like saying, look at Joan of Arc.
It's like there's more kindling there and there's drier weather and there's easier ways to start fires and it turns to witch burning way faster when someone is just saying, hey, be aware of this.
But being aware of something doesn't mean someone wants your pants.
No one's going to take your pants.
Like if privilege is real and you admit that it's real, it means you have privilege. It means no one can have your pants.
Yeah, you can't pry on my pants from my cold heart.
Cold, you know what I meant.
Cold dead, cold dead heart fingers.
Cold dead dick.
It took me a while to see things that way too.
Because as I've said a thousand times, it's like, I get it. You're a doughy white guy. You've been born. You come up through the system.
You endure when you perceive.
The system. The mean streets.
You're out there in Gen Pop.
The system.
Okay, granted.
Just click your heels, Dorothy. You've been in Oz the whole time.
What you perceive is the system.
And then when you start hearing talk about how you've had it easy, how are you supposed to react if you have an ounce of salt in your salt bladder?
I don't know how medicine works.
Salt bladder.
People feel really insecure. Men feel really insecure really quick when that's even challenged, which I think is a weird thing.
And they don't even want to meditate on it at all.
I would argue the one thing that unites us all is that we all would have the same reaction if we were all told, shut up, stop complaining you've had it easy.
We all, it's just that there's got to be somebody at the top that actually has had it easy.
Those people are going to hear that. They're going to take that the wrong way.
It is the same reaction, though. It's like, it is the thing that we say to each other.
When someone says, I work as a clicky-clock clacker, and I don't get enough click-clacks for my click-click.
You say the same thing to that person that if someone said it to you, you would fucking punch him in the face.
Fuck you, you privileged piece of shit. You always dump that shit downhill. You dump it down.
Every time there's a strike, every time someone sues a corporation because a jerk had killed their kid.
We always side with the corporation. We have this human tendency to be like, fuck you, you whiny piece of shit.
You should fucking love capitalism. Fucking rules.
What was my point? I don't know. Watch CISO.
I think your point was the guy that was burnt by hot coffee at McDonald's really deserved to win that lawsuit.
Yeah, that coffee was too hot. It was too hot. People don't know, but it was too hot.
It wasn't a goddamn guy. It was a fucking old lady.
Oh, I didn't know who it was. I just remember Kramer trying it on Seinfeld.
I just saw that episode. It's indication they had like the Johnny Cochran like analog guy.
Did you watch it on CISO?
Probably. They have a lot of archive NBC comedies.
My community because that's co-owned by Sony.
They got Saturday late nights next day?
Next day.
Saturday night live. Sunday morning, not live.
Man, when you subscribe to CISO, you're really subscribing to humanity.
Yeah.
I say if you see so, say so.
Yeah, I've been saying that for so long.
Everybody, just go out there. Tell the world.
How much time do we have left?
Just yelling.
Probably time for a rap.
I don't know.
23.
Yeah, we got a bit of time.
Oh my God. The audience is asking us to stretch.
Calvin, are you local? Do you live in Austin?
No, I'm living in Florida right now.
All right. Thanks for coming by. You were a great guest.
No, I'm kidding. You want to hang out the whole show?
Yeah, I'll hang out the whole show.
It's up to Dan. It's not my decision.
No, no. Calvin stays.
Yeah, it's how like Martha Stewart's coming out.
Calvin, because that first guy, what's his name?
The cowboy?
Are you jealous of him right now, or is he going to be mad at you in the way?
Did Anthony leave?
The black guy, the cowboy had his cameo and then left.
I was going to ask him if he knew who he was.
His girlfriend left before he came on stage.
She left.
She was like, I'm not having no date that's better than me.
No, she found out that he's a piece of shit.
He liked about seeing Get Out.
Wait, well, he didn't say I saw Get Out.
We started talking about Get Out and he went,
and then he like took it, took it up under the stage
and like he took advantage of a market that was there.
Capitalism.
Yeah, he took advantage of the bullshit market.
And the question is, had he been white or a woman,
would he have made it this far?
Before the stun guns came out.
Yeah, if it was a woman, I would have pushed her back.
I would have grabbed her by both shoulders and sent her sailing.
Yeah, if you're thinking about it now, ladies.
Just try.
I mean, who doesn't want to be sailing?
That sounds delightful.
Right, it sounds like I'm Christopher Cross
and a very romantic thing is about to happen.
Well, do you make an agreement that if a woman does charge the stage
that you will set her sailing but you will go with her
on a night cruise down the Texas River, whatever the fuck we're at?
No, I won't commit to that, Jeff.
We're really putting you through our paces there.
I was standing in my fucking hotel at the Radisson on the fucking river
while people crowded to watch the bats come out and waited till sunset.
And there's a thousand people out there, an hour went by,
waiting for the sun to go down.
And as I waited an hour to watch the bats,
I realized when the bats come out, it'll be dark out and I won't see shit.
So I fucking left.
You didn't even see it?
No, I've never waited for it.
I was in a hotel room, the Hyatt looks in the right direction
and I got tired of waiting for the fucking bats to come out.
Me too. I couldn't take it.
Well, now that everyone knows we're at the Radisson,
can I just promote them for the fact that they have...
their rooms are the fucking best in terms of AC outlet placement.
When you stay at the downtown Radisson...
That's important if you are connected.
You are never more than 8 inches from a fucking AC outlet at a USB port.
It is incredible.
This is important to my listeners.
The shower has been turned into a giant extension cord
so that you can learn door fortress.
There's no need for...
But please, put toothpaste in the rooms.
Let's all put toothpaste in the hotel room.
That's a rare thing.
Did you just see that somewhere and think it should be everywhere?
No, it was maybe I saw it somewhere in Paris or something.
I'm not happy with my Radisson experience.
Oh, shit.
Fuckin' left all day long.
They didn't clean my room. There was no water back in the room.
I asked for water and they came up and they knocked on the door
and they just said housekeeping and they didn't have any fucking water.
Okay, but they did have a thing...
Same thing, but they didn't knock on the door every 10 minutes
going housekeeping in that voice.
Are we having a Radisson debate?
I think there was some literature or something that said
if you'd like your house to be put in order, you can put a thing out.
I don't know.
It's a Radisson. Who gives a shit?
Did they have mustard?
No, they didn't have mustard.
But I looked up into the corner of my room
where there should only be spiders.
There was an AC outlet up in the corner.
I just love AC outlets.
You know what can go fuck itself? It's Holiday Inn Express.
I stayed at one in some weird part of the country.
I think it was called Indiana, Pennsylvania.
And if I'm wrong, I'm close.
It was confusing.
My room had no windows, no closets,
and if you turned anything on, the TV went off.
You took a shower and water came out of the TV.
It's like a March Brothers bit.
And not now, Power Hog.
And the sign above it in awesome Holiday Inn font
said, relax, it's Holiday Inn.
Which could be written a couple ways.
Relax. It's Holiday Inn.
What did you think was gonna fuck it happen?
They should go one step further and be settled down.
It's Holiday Inn.
Simmer down.
Don't be too big for your boots.
In a world where there's a lot of fish to fry,
the Raddison downtown Austin has more AC outlets
than you can shake a stick at.
And I ordered room service and I ordered a cheeseburger
and the woman that answered the phone and said,
room service, I said, I'd like a cheeseburger.
She said, go on. I said, I'd like a Stella Artois.
And she said, excellent choice.
And then she said, I'll be right up.
And I was like, I'll be right up.
Weird pronoun. This is a system.
This is Brazil. You're supposed to what?
Knock on the door. She comes in.
Cindy comes in, learned her name.
Because guess what? Figured out who she was.
Because as she opened my Stella,
she went, oh, that looks good.
So...
Yeah, it's dark. It's dark.
But...
Cindy's an alcoholic.
But I was like, did you take my order?
She said, hello, my name is Cindy and I'm an alcoholic.
I said...
Hi, Cindy.
She said, here's your Stella Artois.
She did like a French accent.
And she opened it and she's like, oh, that looked good.
And I really thought, hmm.
And I was like, were you the one that took the order?
And she said, yes.
And I said, you know, I really appreciated
you excellent-choicing me.
Like, you told me it was an excellent choice.
She's like, it is an excellent choice.
It's like, do you want my Stella?
Have a drink.
Do you want to take a sip of it?
And she said, oh, I can't go there.
And it was like, oh, darkness, darkness.
It's a fine line.
But I think she's going to be fine.
She ate all of your food.
And then she left.
She's going to be fine because she made it this far
and her weakness is Stella Artois.
Like, it's not like, you know, she wasn't like, antifreeze.
No, no, no, no, no.
I think...
All right, so we only have a few minutes left.
Oh, shit.
Shall we finish this off with a Doug Benson rap?
What?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Let's do it.
Yo.
Whatever you want it to be.
Doug Benson rap.
Oh, shit.
Yo.
Oh, Calvin on the beat box, all right.
Doug Benson rap.
He's going to rap to tell you crap.
When Doug Benson raps, you're going to tell all your friends you heard of Doug Benson rap.
But the first two minutes of a Doug Benson rap is a Dan Harmon rap.
It's an introductory rap.
But if I can rap about this lap, it's a victory lap where I go around.
I'm going to Christmas rap his rap.
I'm going to wrap it up and give it to you as a gift.
Doug Benson's who I'm here to lift.
I'm going to lift him to start him.
Lift him up.
I'm going to lift Doug Benson like a girl.
Yo, Calvin, talk about a Doug Benson rap, Calvin.
Doug, Doug, Doug Benson rap.
Why is he rapping?
He's not even clapping.
Do you have the clap?
What is the clap?
Why am I rapping?
Jeff, why'd you do this?
There's two guys right next to me who could do it better.
That didn't rhyme.
This is a good example of why you shouldn't have said my name.
But it's cool.
It doesn't matter.
I'm going to sell the only black guys on stage rapping.
Yeah.
It's Calvin Doug Benson rap.
He said white guys can rap better.
And it's also the only one not in a sweater.
Oh.
Mama's spaghetti.
It's warm out.
You know it.
You dressed up to show it.
OK.
Well, you proved him wrong.
You proved him wrong.
This is called the Doug Benson rap.
I know.
I tried.
When I said I could do it, I lied.
I said, yeah.
Yeah.
Let yourself go.
Let it go.
Let it all out there.
Oh, let's be frozen.
Because Dan is the chosen one for our entertainment.
That's all I got.
Yo, left to right.
I'm going to fuck your mama.
Like, catch a fuck's mustard tonight.
I'm going to take it to the break.
Don, I'm going to rhyme this with nothing but the front lawn.
Dijon.
Fuck her.
Monday morning quarterback.
That's a good guy.
Probably come in here, try and take the beat,
and then give it a spin.
I feel really insecure.
I shouldn't have took your rap.
I'm going to step kind of back and let you do the sack.
You know what you didn't say to you?
Thank you for coming to Harmon's Channel, everybody.
He pooped on his rap.
Let's hear it.
Doug Benson, everybody.
Yeah, thank you.
Calvin.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
Your Mayor is Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much.
We'll see you at the bar.
Drive fast and take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.